Name: Ransomware Attack
INITIAL
Description: The hospital you work at has been hit by a ransomware attack. All of your patients' personal information has been compromised. None of the employees at the hospital can access the system. How do you respond to this incident?
Best Practice: Implement education and awareness in the workplace. Engage in frequent backups. Use MFA

Name: DDoS Attack
INITIAL
Description: Several of the nurses have reported that their computers have been acting strange and are running really slow. You have confirmed that the hospital has been hit by a DDos attack. All of the computers on the first floor have been affected. How do you mitigate this attack?
Best Practices: 
Configure a server-side firewall rate limit (IPTABLES or MS-Windows firewall). 
Limit request rates and number in the web-server configuration.
Add new servers to the farm to distribute the load. 
Change the DNS record(s) for the domain(s). 
Put in an edge-network firewall and rate-limit the ingress path. 

Name: SQL Injection 
INITIAL
Description: You have received an alert that the database with all of the patient information has been accessed by someone who doesn't have administraive access to it. You check on the database and realize that the database has been hit with an SQL injection. All of the confidential information of the patients is now vulnerable. The hacker hasn't done anything with the data yet but now has access and you want to mitigate this incident as soon as possible. How do you respond?
Best Practice: 
Verify user inputs
Limit the use of special characters in data
Enforce prepared statements and parameterizations
Make use of stored procedures in the database
Actively manage patches and updates
Implement a web application firewall

Name: Brute Force Password Attack
ADDITIONAL
Description: One of the hospital administrator accounts has been hacked by a brute force attack. How does the IT team respond?
Best Practice: Implement IT hygiene, Set up policies that reject weak passwords, Implement proactive threat hunting

Name: Phishing Attack
ADDITIONAL
Description: One of the doctors at the hospital just got an email informing them of a $400 purchase made on their credit card and they need to click on a link to confirm the purchase. The doctor checked his bank account and didn't see any activity so he clicked on the link in the email and was told that if he wishes to cancel this purchase he needs to insert his credit card information so they can verify the card. The doctor informs you of the email and asks for your advice. How do you respond?
Best Practice: 
Pick Strong Passwords
Use Two-Factor Authentication
Never Open Unexpected Attachments
Never Use Company Email for Personal Reasons
Avoid Public Wifi (or Use a VPN)
Be Careful What You Click

Name: Social Engineering Incident
ADDITIONAL
Description: One of the nurses received an email from a local pharmacy with a link. The email tells the nurse to click on the link and enter her hospital ID and password so they pharmacy can give her access to the different medications for some of the patients at the hospital. Very convinced, the nurse clicks on the link and enter her information... Now the hacker that posed as as local pharmacy has her hospital password and ID. The nurse immediately reports the incident to you and asks what she should do. What do you tell her?
Best Practice: 
Avoid sharing personal information on social media. If you have already shared out this information, request to have it pulled down.
Use authorized and trusted channels to verify your email address and phone number in case you receive a suspicious message.
Do not click on links sent via emails, instead use trustworthy websites.
Do not disclose your personal information and passwords to anyone if you are uncertain.
Cancel requests for help from a company if you have not requested assistance.
Find out who has access to your data at work and ensure that it is secure.
Do not open emails from an unknown source.
Secure your computer by installing anti-virus software, email spam filters, firewalls, and always keep them updated.

Name: Break-In
ADDITIONAL
Description: An intruder was able to go into an unattended hospital room and get on the computer assigned to the room. The computer in question was not locked by the previous employee that used it and the data on that computer is now compromised. Now the intruder has access to sensitive data including hospital data, personal data of patients, etc.
Best Practice:
Secure and lock computers when not in use.
Lock hospital room doors if they are not in use.
Be on the lookout for suspicious activity
